# Existing Algorithms

## Face Aging with GANs

Many recent works extensively applied GAN approach in facial aging. A concept of conditional GANs (cGANs) allowing to augment age characteristics in generated images is utilized in. However, models lead to produce blurry images, and damage identity information. In turn, several methods provided improvements by adopting mechanisms such as L2 constraint, pre-trained identity classifier, etc. In addition to the identity preservation network, also introduced wavelet transform to capture texture details for age synthesis. Similarly, wavelet information is used in, but in a multi-scale manner in the discriminator. However, their results still suffer from noticeable artifacts. The work of proposed $S^2$GAN which applies age-specific transforms on the encoded personalized aging basis to obtain and decode age-specific representation of the input face. Despite the plausible results, $S^2$GAN has less ability to depict age progression.

To generate high-resolution images, proposed a face age editing model operating in high-resolution (HRFAE). The method relies on a straightforward approach that reweights the encoded features by means of the output of a single fully connected layer. Similarly, proposed incorporating aging maps by using SPADE blocks in the decoding process to obtain high-resolution face images. Although these methods maintain good identity preservation and age information, it is limited to perform mostly age progression than regression. LATS presented a method for synthesizing lifespan age transformations. Their decoder operates in a similar manner as StyleGAN2 and performs modulated convolutions on identity features while injecting the target age latent vector learned from the mapping network. Despite the impressive performance, LATS primarily focuses on face synthesis without using background information, which leads to unexpected artifacts.

## Image-to-Image Translation

In addition to the facial age-specific approaches, image-to-image translation could be applied for the face age transformation task. There have been several attempts to manipulate the facial age attributes in a multi-domain transfer fashion. To perform face age manipulation (i.e., young to old, and vice-versa), StarGAN and STGAN assume that the age domain is distinct from other face-related domains. However, the appearance of the face due to the specific age is highly correlated with other facial attributes. For instance, when translating between different age groups using multi-domain transfer, styles that are not related to age, such as gender, accessories, and ethnicity can also be transferred. Besides, multi-domain transfer-based approaches struggle for modeling the shape (i.e., head) deformation associated with age transformation. We refer to the work providing extensive analysis on multi-domain transfer approaches.
